> Definition of your audience
My Audience will be young adults seeking a themed medival restaurant experience.
  
  
> Definition statement (I want to create a web application that...) for your project
I want to create a menu that caters to the design of a themed restaurant while exploring animation techniques.


> High level story (elevator pitch)
/ Hi! I'm making a themed web page for a dungeons and dragons cafe, the goal being to snag attention while catering to the theme of the cafe. Giving veiwers information of the establisment and allowing them to place orders for big events! 

/ Hi, I’m Megan Loptmann. I’m a creative professional that is passionate about graphic design and illustration. I am an organized person who works on my portfolio for hours at a time and I likes to get projects accomplished. I see myself designing and creating work for a client as part of a team. Next, I would like to learn how to do game studio work. Joined Savvy Coders to learn how to expand my coding abilities.


> Outline of the content
MENU page
  Title: Mourning Dragon
  Logo
  Address/Phone: 123 Dragon Court Lane, St. Louis MO (314)123-4567
  
  Menu
      Entrees
          Highlands Beef Brisket and Roll
          Citadel Chicken Mini Pot pie
          Ironforge Potatoe Hash and Bacon
          Forests Spring Salad
          Tavern Meat Buns
      Side
          Fluffy Rolls
          Spring Salad
          Mash n' Cheese
      Dessert
          Elven Vanilla Icecream
          Dwarven Rum Float
          Dragon Lava Mountain
      Drinks
          Dwarven Tap
          Magicans Margarita's

 INFO page
    Location: 123 Dragon Court Lane, St. Louis MO
    Phone: (314)123-4567
    About Us: Local start up Fantasy Tavern that caters to those seeking adventure and food. We offer food, games, and a space to be yourself. 
    Google Maps
    Reviews
    
 ORDER page
    Drop Down 
        Entree/Side/Dessert/Drinks
        Add Another? Y/N

> User Flow
Menu 'Main Page' > Look at logog/title then menu items > Info/Order 'Side Pages'
Ideally results in them going to Tavern or ordering online.
